
Mary: Why you have this hobby?

N: He replied

John: When I was a little boy, I was living near the sea. I like playing in the sea. I would feel the taste of the sea. Just like the taste of the Salty Coffee. Now everytime I taste the salty coffee, I always think about my childhood... I think of my hometown... I miss my hometown... I miss my parents who are still living there

N: While saying that, tears filled his eyes... She was deeply touched. That's his true feeling from the bottom of his heart.. A man who can tell out his homesickness... He must be a man who loves home... cares home... has a responsibility of home... Then she started to speak. She spoke about her far away hometown, her childhood and her family... That was a really nice talk... and also a beautiful beginning of their story... They continued to date... She found out that he was actually a man who meets all her demands... he had tolerance... was kind hearted... and warm... He was such a good person but she almost missed him! Thanks to his salty coffee! 
Just like every beautiful love story... The princess married to the prince and every time she made coffee for him, she put some salt in it, as she knew that's the way she liked it. After 40 years <John> passed away. He left her a letter...

Letter: My dearest <Mary>
Please forgive me,
forgive my whole life lie.
This was the only lie I said to you - The Salty Coffee
Remember the first time we dated?
I was so nervous at that time, actually I wanted some sugar,
but I said salt. It was hard for me to change so I just went ahead.
I never thought that would be the start of our conversation!
I tried to tell you the truth many times in my life,
but I was afraid to do that,
as I promised not to lie to you for anything...
Now I'm dying, I'm afraid of nothing
So I tell you the truth:
I dont like the salty coffee, what a strange bad taste!
But I had salty coffee for my whole life since I knew you, I never feel sorry for anything I do for you.
Having you with me is my biggest happiness for my whole life.
If I can live for the second time,
I still want to know you and have you for my whole life even if I'll have to drink the salty coffee again
<John>

N: Her tears made the letter wet...
One day

Mary's Friend: What's the taste of salty coffee?
Mary: It's sweet

--The End--